So in this video let's go ahead and see what we've done so far.
I'll go to the program and if we open up our requirements we can see that everything is now fulfilled.
Now let's see how this thing works.
Breakpoint here and try to run it and give it a shot.
Okay cool.
So let's step through this.
We create the list.
Imagine like we've got this from the database and there's three promoters.
So bring this guy up so we can see what's going on.
And we'll go one by one.
So first one is an access promoter says I share with my Instagram followers.
I use Facebook as cool.
Another access promoter does the same thing.
Then we have an omni one.
OK.
I share with my friends.
I use Google AdWords.
Now once again you see promoter Don promote it's promoting for any promoter just calls Don promote.
It doesn't know whether it's access club promoter omni club promoter or any other type that we add in
the future.
Once again remember this is dynamic polymorphism.
Same method different behavior.
Let's move on.
Next thing is we go to the writers.
And then there are three writers.
So the first two are book writers.
So it says I write books I write books I write for my own blog.
Cool.
Once again dynamic polymorphism.
And here you can see this is encapsulation because we say dot promote but promotion has its own way
of working.
We don't know how it works it just works in a way where we define it.
But underneath the hood it works in a specific way.
This is abstraction through encapsulation.
We're basically encapsulating details that we find would be irrelevant for the user.
So we just keep going.
And then we'll move the robot builders and we go through this.
There is only two types that's success club promoter we we go through this I say I work out at my house
and I work out in my house cool bloggers club promoter book writers see these are totally unrelated
groups and we are combining them in the same list because of an interface.
So it goes through says I use of the SLR in order to log that's for excess club promoter then book writer
says I blog using my iPhone.
OK so here we go.
And that's the end of our program.
So pretty simple application indeed.
The point of this wasn't to kind of like show you how to write complex applications.
Obviously this was a pretty simple application but the point of this was for you to kind of challenge
yourself and write an application from scratch using all of the object oriented principles.
And in here we've used all of them.
First of all we've used all of the major tools that make up object our programming.
And we've also used all of the four main pillars we've use inheritance when we're inheriting creating
our hierarchies.
We used polymorphism right here.
We're using polymorphism as we're going through each type and just calling a method that behaves differently
for each type.
That's in the list we have used encapsulation which defines how a promoter promotes.
And we don't see and can't access it from the outside.
We just call that promote.
And it does its own thing.
And that actually leads us into abstraction because we just say promote but we don't know how it promotes
which is the why behind our encapsulation.
The reason why we encapsulate it is so that people don't know how we promote.
They just know that we promote.
And so once again with all that said this is our small application and I hope you'll like this application.
I hope that you got it all right from the first go and if you didn't it's all good.
That's how I learn.
I hope you filled in any gaps.
I hope you learned what you've done wrong.
If you have done anything wrong.
And with that set I'll see you in the next section.